# Smart-Blockchain
Smart Blockchain is the new generation of Blockchain networks that will allow one or more smart contracts to collect accurate and flawless data from the successful transactions of a decentralized network at the moment of transaction occurrence, and simultaneously storing and registering these data in new blocks. Smart Blockchain needs neither the financial institution nor intermediary, in addition, there will be no task to do for miners and block producers in this technology. In other words, within Smart Blockchain, always one or more smart contracts like a financial the institution, free of charge and automatically record and store transactions ‘data in new blocks.  Ten years ago, Bitcoin’s proof-of-work mechanism was a great idea for a pilot project and the launch of the first decentralized network as well. But this approach for long-term must be corrected, and for years, the amount of power consumed ( more than 50TWh per year ) by a country with ten million populations, cannot be dedicated to bitcoin transactions only. It’s extreme selfishness and not fair.  The research published in Nature Climate Change (October 2018) even suggested that Bitcoin mining alone could push global warming “above 2 °C within less than three decades“. The electricity consumption of the proof-of-work mechanism used in the bitcoin network is huge. Meanwhile, a major share of mining operations are done with electricity from coal-fired power plants in China, cause increasing Bitcoin’s environmental problems and blockchain technology.  
https://www.newchains.info/ 
https://hackernoon.com/what-is-smart-blockchain-4b134275e90f
